CodeBook that describes how the data was manipulated

1.) The data:
The data belongs to the UC Irvine Machine Learning repository. The data was generated by recording the accelerometer and gyroscope measurements in a Samsung galaxy smartphone,
while 30 subjects executed six different activities (laying, standing, sitting, walking, walking upstairs, walking downstairs).
The data has been used in the following publication:
[1] Davide Anguita, Alessandro Ghio, Luca Oneto, Xavier Parra and Jorge L. Reyes-Ortiz. Human Activity Recognition on Smartphones using a Multiclass Hardware-Friendly 
Support Vector Machine. International Workshop of Ambient Assisted Living (IWAAL 2012). Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain. Dec 2012

2.) The variables:
The variables consist of 561 features that have been generated from the accelerometer and gyroscope measurements. There is a README.txt and features_info.txt file in the 
zip folder with the original data that describes in detail how the features were generated. In summary, features that start with a "t" are timeseries measurements, while 
features starting with a "f" (for frequency) were produced via Fourier transformation of the original timeseries data.
For this assignment, we are only interested in mean and std features, and we wil describe in section 3 how the data was manipulated to extract only these type of features.

3.) How was the data manipulated:

- In the original data, the features, labels for activities and subjects are separate, both for the training and test set. In the first step these are combined along columns.

- In the second step, the training and test data are combined along rows.

- In the third step, the features.txt file is used to find all features that are mean or std measurements, and all columns are filtered so that only the mean and std features 
  remain in the combined data.
  
- Next the integer values in the activity column are replaced with the actual activities that are stored in the acitivity_labels.txt file.

- In the fifth step, the column names are replaced with the feature names stored in the features.txt file.

- Finally, an additional data set is created by computing the mean of each feature for each activity and subject.